Meditation is the attuning of the mental and physical body to your spiritual source.
冥想是把精神和物理身体向灵魂调谐的过程。

Meditation builds a protective barrier around yourself against harmful forces.
冥想可以帮你建立起一个围绕并保护你远离有害力量的屏障。

Meditation will help you manifest the fruits of the Holy Spirit and the white light of the Christ.
Meditation allows you to obtain information on any subject and the answer will come from within.
Meditation is the way to at-one-ment with God.
Constant communication with God through meditation will result in spiritual guidance.
During meditation, you can increase the spiritual forces taking place within your inner self.
This is necessary to help you attune and become one with the Creative Force - just as in the pitch of a song of praise.
Raise these spiritual forces in yourself and you will enter the presence of your Maker.
No sacrifice is necessary except your desire to be one with God.
You will know within yourself when you are in an at-one-ment with God.
Read about the promises of Jesus in the book of John, chapters 14-17, to learn about the spirit of light within you to help unlock your inner self.
Set definite time periods to listen to the voice of your Maker. Meditate either at 11:00 am to noon in the day or 11:00 pm to midnight in the evening. The best time is 2:00 am to 3:00 am in the morning. (For at least 30 minutes)
Meditate facing east (for polarity with the Earth) and in the same place each day.

 
For some people, the song of the spheres is necessary for their comfort in meditation and to rest the senses.
Sit or lie in an easy position, without any binding garments around your body.
Sit as in readiness. Crucify desires within yourself. Turn yourself inward.
Quiet yourself mentally. Cleanse the inner room of your mind. No unkind thoughts are allowed.
Shut out all thoughts pertaining to activities or attributes of carnal forces.

 
The hands should always cross the solar plexus, the balancing between the forces of the body, when meditating or seeking to open yourself to the unseen sources.

 
Never open yourself without surrounding yourself with the Christ Consciousness by thought, by word of mouth, by impressing it upon yourself - also for protection.

 
Certain types of breathing are suggested, that there may be an even balance in the respiratory system, that the circulation becomes normal in its flow through the body.

 
With low music or incantations, let yourself go deeper, to the seeing, feeling, experiencing the creative forces of love and enter into the Holy of Holies.
Then listen to the music of your inner spiritual centers responding.
Enter in the closet of your inner self and pour out your self so that you may be filled with the Spirit of God.
Find what is the impelling desire (i.e., your ideal) in your inner self - council with your soul.
Make your will to be one with the whole.
In your temple, let the voice, the feeling, the spirit of your purpose be free in its direction to yourself.

 
Meditate on the fruits of the Spirit in the inner secrets of the consciousness and the cells in the body will become aware of the awakening of the life in their activity.
Only in patience can you become aware of your soul's activity.
Attune yourself almost in the same manner as you would tune a violin for harmony.

 
Seek God's face and God's ways. When you are fully attuned, let your intonations, breathing, and posture be rather an outgrowth of your attunement.

 
As the body attunes itself, it may be a channel where there may be instant healing with the laying on of hands.
Voices can be heard when attuning yourself during meditation.
Visualizing while attuned in meditation can influence others.

 
Many people meet their spirit guide during their first experience of meditation. Do not be satisfied with a guide other than one from the Throne of Grace itself.
After raising your consciousness, God meets you in your own temple (the Holy of Holies, the third eye).
No one can know attunement who has not developed their inner self.
If we fail to apply what is given us in meditation, the body will act!
